fix(css): on 'order' page explain 'Try it' section (#30213)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/order/index.md

{{EmbedInteractiveExample("pages/css/order.html")}}

In above demo select options on the left side to change order of the first purple box. The blue boxes have been given predefined orders.

> Notice when the order is set to `2` the purple box is placed before the two blue boxes with order `2`. This is because in source code the purple box has been placed before the two blue boxes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bear in mind the effect of source order. When `order: 2;` is selected for example, the purple box is placed before the two blue boxes with `order: 2;`. This is because the purple box appears before the blue boxes in the source code.
```
